std_algos: part 5/10 (#390)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/algorithms/std-algorithms/all/StdReplaceCopyIf.rst

``replace_copy_if``
====================

Header: ``<Kokkos_StdAlgorithms.hpp>``

Description
-----------

> Copies the elements from range ``[first_from, last_from)`` to another range
> beginning at ``first_to`` (overloads 1,2) or from ``view_from`` to ``view_to``
> (overloads 3,4) replacing with ``new_value`` all elements for which ``pred`` returns ``true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copies the elements from range ``[first_from, last_from)`` to another range
beginning at ``first_to`` while replacing all elements for which ``pred`` returns ``true`` with ``new_value``.
The overload taking a ``View`` uses the ``begin`` and ``end`` iterators of the ``View``.
```
